How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Seeing the differences in the two documents of code, quickly highlighted the
    bugs and made it easy to make corrections

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Being able to easily access the entire history of a files makes it easy to
    see past versions, and easily find errors that may have been made along the
    way.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Cons: Forget to save
    Pro: Only saving the version you want to save

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Google Docs doesn't work with websites that have multiple files in the same site.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    the diff command allows you to easily see changes.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    You can make changes, and be confident that if something stops working or
    doesn't look the way you wanted, you have the old file to revert to.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    making changes to my portfolio site


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

	If you manually save you can track the important changes to your document.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	When working on important applications, with Git you have a way to troubleshoot and track mistakes easily instead of line by line.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	Tracking major changes in my resume site code
